Respect 'validates_start_with_lowercase'  value when linting function names (#4188)
realm/SwiftLint: CHANGELOG.md

#### Bug Fixes

> * Respect `validates_start_with_lowercase` value when linting function names

Reviewer: The two spaces at the end are important for rendering:
```suggestion
* Respect `validates_start_with_lowercase` option when linting function names
  in `identifier_name` rule.  
```
